significant change from the first two versions the greens which
celebrate great forehand and then you teach me by both players
each retains the ability to perform a single carpet and unique
reverse dion traded at the second setback the point is automatically
lost
Now let's move on to the magic formula with a 15-point tie-break
it's up to you to play the heavens
ap
here is the typical exercise of regularity to avoid the fault
in the baseline, it will be necessary to slow the pace of trade and
gone through the higher ball trajectories struck most of these
balls deep in order to maintain a good ball atmosphere they
neutralize and his partner who will be years later also days
request
for instructions we will insist on moving that start the earliest
possible after the opponent's strike it takes place we did not run
a quick to fetch a distant ball the weak for reaches
a ball farther away then we will seek to place ourselves ab good
distance from the ball for a management achievement he has